c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\WebJob2.exe.config
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\WebJob2.exe
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\WebJob2.pdb
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\obj\Debug\WebJob2.exe
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\obj\Debug\WebJob2.pdb
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\worldfavor2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\WebJob2.exe.config
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\WebJob2.exe
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\WebJob2.pdb
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\obj\Debug\WebJob2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\obj\Debug\WebJob2.exe
C:\git_repo\Communication-between-SignalR-and-webjobs\WebJobAsSingalRClient\WebJob2\obj\Debug\WebJob2.pdb
